[docs] update cloud docs (#11262)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/config.rst

In another example, the `AWS example configuration file <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/tree/master/python/ray/autoscaler/aws/example-full.yaml>`__ cluster config file will create a small cluster with an m5.large head node (on-demand) configured to autoscale up to two m5.large `spot workers <https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/>`__.

You are encouraged to copy the example YAML file and modify it to your needs. This may include adding additional setup commands to install libraries or sync local data files.

Setup Commands
--------------

.. note:: After you have customized the nodes, it is also a good idea to create a new machine image (or docker container) and use that in the config file. This reduces worker setup time, improving the efficiency of auto-scaling.

The setup commands you use should ideally be *idempotent*, that is, can be run more than once. This allows Ray to update nodes after they have been created. You can usually make commands idempotent with small modifications, e.g. ``git clone foo`` can be rewritten as ``test -e foo || git clone foo`` which checks if the repo is already cloned first.

Docker Support
--------------

> 
> The ``worker_image`` and ``pull_before_run`` fields override the correpsonding field in the top level ``docker`` section for the node type. The ``worker_run_options`` field is combined with top level ``docker: run_options`` field to produce the docker run command for the given node_type. The following configuration is for a GPU enabled node type. Ray will automatically select the Nvidia docker runtime if it is available.
> 
> .. code-block:: yaml
> 
>     pull_before_run: True
>     worker_image:
>         - rayproject/ray-ml:latest-gpu

Reviewer: Since I prefer that you keep this exact text in the Autoscaler section above, It would be great if you could apply the following suggestion here. 

```suggestion

The cluster launcher is fully compatible with docker images. To get started with using docker, provide a ``docker_image`` and ``container_name`` in the ``docker`` field of the YAML. We provide docker images on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/u/rayproject); the ``rayproject/ray-ml:latest`` image is a quick way to get up and running . When the cluster is launched, all of the Ray tasks will be executed inside of the container. For GPU support, Ray will automatically select the Nvidia docker runtime if it is available and you just need to specify a docker image with the CUDA support (``rayproject/ray-ml:latest-gpu`` and all of our ``-gpu`` images have this).

.. code-block:: yaml

    docker:
        container_name: "ray_container"
        image: "rayproject/ray-ml:latest-gpu"
```

Common cluster configurations
-----------------------------

> The ``example-full.yaml`` configuration is enough to get started with Ray, but for more compute intensive workloads you will want to change the instance types to e.g. use GPU or larger compute instance by editing the yaml file. Here are a few common configurations:

Reviewer: Would it make sense to add a note here mentioning that we use `AWS` in the examples but these solutions are generic.

Author: good point, fixed

**GPU single node**: use Ray on a single large GPU instance.

.. code-block:: yaml

    max_workers: 0
    head_node:
        InstanceType: p2.8xlarge

**Docker**: Specify docker image. This executes all commands on all nodes in the docker container,
and opens all the necessary ports to support the Ray cluster.

.. code-block:: yaml

    docker:
        image: rayproject/ray:0.8.7

>         container_name: ray_docker

Reviewer: Probably delete this in favor of the above comment?

If Docker is not installed, add the following commands to ``initialization_commands`` to install it.

.. code-block:: yaml

    initialization_commands:
    - curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh
    - sudo sh get-docker.sh
    - sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
    - sudo systemctl restart docker -f

> 

Reviewer: Move this above to the 
```
Docker Support
--------------
```
heading?

Author: fixed, good catch
